wolves these in northern Canada are the
largest and most powerful in the world
and they're setting out not
[Music]
the pack is 25 strong a sign that the
prey they're seeking is formidable
[Music]
these spices are even bigger than their
southern cousins and the largest land
animals in North America for generations
wolves and bison here have been shaped
by their battles with each other making
each the most impressive of its kind the
Bison will not stay long among the trees
they're not safe here the wolves are
closing in but their chance of ambushing
the Bison in the woods has passed their
prey are now in the open and grouped
together for safety
the Wolves will need to work as a team
with their to make a kill
they circle the herd try to unsettle it
and spit it up but the Bison are armed
and dangerous they will be safe as long
as they stick together the Wolves up
their game harrying the herd a ploy to
trigger a stampede and spit away one of
the smaller ones
the Bison form a defensive circle around
their young horns pointing outwards
[Music]
the Wolves need a bison to break rank
but the tables are turning and now the
wolves have to retreat
[Music]
the pack focus their attention on the
rear of the herd and the Bison begin to
panic
[Music]
a young bison falls behind
even this yearling Dwarfs the words
[Music]
running head down the Hertz only thought
is escape
[Music]
a stroke of luck for the Wolves
the kill will feed the pack for several
days but then they will have to resume
the chase at the frozen ends of our
planet the struggle for survival never
eases
[Music]